# e-commerce
onlinesubzimandi.com
It was a fine day that the sapling of onlinesubzimandi.com spurt out of a thought to redefine India’s online grocery shopping experience, not just for the fortunate ones, but making it affordable for the general Indian public. Today, we are a well versed setup that serves a sizeable chunk of the NCR region.
   The basic we decided to stick to was Quality and Affordability. Although today we boast of a strong and robust system of modern ways to serve our customers, we have not let go of the strong cultural and emotional connect with our ethnic diversity, bringing the smallest and classical produce well within the reach of all, right from the comforts of their home.
What makes onlinesubzimandi.com different from the other players in the market is our idea of procurement upon ordering. Which is the key to the freshest and healthiest produce delivered to you.
Healthful living is what we stand for and are regularly engaging with experts in their fields to bring to the general public ideas and thoughts in various forms such as blogs and articles to keep connected.
The wide and profuse variety of commodities available with us surely is a feat in itself. From fresh fruit like banana, papaya, watermelon, to exotic ones like dragon fruit, thai amrud, litchi, the freshest vegetables like brinjal, broccoli, lotus roots, we have it all.
Bringing in your range the freshest bakery produce from the finest bakeries of Delhi, right from biscuits, evening snacks, breads, sauces and spreads to health supplements and tonics, achars and murabbas is what we aim for.
Further keeping in mind the specific requirements for the modern indian working mom, we were the first to introduce Vegetable and Fruit Boxes that contain all the essential grocery for a weeks supply, saving on the precious time and efforts of the hard working lady. Our range also includes Green Boxes, that are the perfect for the health conscious and includes a variety of green vegetables and herbs that can be juiced at your home keeping your immunity up to the mark in these worrying times of COVID-19.
Not leaving behind anyone, we have also launched our ranges in protein powder, health supplements like omega 3, protein cookies and what not.
Our team is committed to serving you to the best of our abilities and we are leaving no stone unturned in our way to your hearts.
We, at onlinesubzimandi.com are confident that you will have a hard time taming your cravings looking at the wide variety of options that we have to offer. Looking forward to seeing you soon!
